---
title: HTML Part 1
layout: post
author: Barco van Rhijn
category: HTML
---
## Refreshing and documenting my HTML skills
I decided to sign up for FreeCodeCamp to fill out any gaps in my Front End design skills. Been using several resources around the web while building customer and internal projects. But there has never been a way for me to Shocase what I know. Plus I think it may be high time I run through everything from top to bottom. I know much of this will be a review, but I've seen how learning, then sharing deepens knowledge. My first day has been a great review on some things I know well.

##What I learned today:

# HTML Headings
Something familiar how to place different heading tags. Good structure is essential to any website. Sizing needs to create flow that's easy to skim read. This is what most of us do on the web. From a design perspective there are several approaches to this. Using good Typography and Text sizing together helps retain interest. Plus it makes it a whole lot easier to find what you're looking for. Using H1 and H2 tags carefully is important to the on page SEO of a site if you're also laying out the content. It's one reason why I like seperating design and content. Makes the whole process a lot easier.

# Inform with the Paragraph Element
Paragraph tags are great to seperate text. 

# Fill in the Blank with Placeholder Text	
Pig latin works a treat for filling out paragraphs to give a sense of how a design will flow once it has actual content. The Kitty pig latin was very cute. Text is placed between the tags naturally.

# Comment & Uncomment HTML
What would the world be without comments.

# Delete HTML Elements
Select everything from a the opening tag to the closing tag. Hit Delete - Boom.

# Introduction to HTML5 Elements
HTML5 Elements are so much easier to read and work with than a page of Div's. 

The main HTML tag is a great way to make the main content of the page more visible to others and Search engines like it too.

main, header, footer, nav, video, article, section 

# Add Images to Your Website
A review of placing an image tag and writing a descriptive alt tag. Decorative images don't need alt tags. They just make noise on screen readers. Wonder what SEO audits will make of this. Used src= for the image

# Link to External Pages with Anchor Elements
target="_blank" opens up a new tab in the user's browser. Uses href= for the link.


# Link to Internal Sections of a Page with Anchor Elements
Create links with the id of an element i.e. #navbar to jump to <nav id="navbar> 


