---
title: HTML Part 2
layout: post
author: Barco van Rhijn
category: HTML
---
It's day two of my HTML challenge. I'm feeling great. I'm completing this challenge during the evenings after work. 

# Forms
-Check Radio Buttons and Checkboxes by Default
-Create a Set of Checkboxes
-Create a Set of Radio Buttons
-Use HTML5 to Require a Field
-Add a Submit Button to a Form
-Create a Form Element
-Add Placeholder Text to a Text Field
-Create a Text Field
-Create an Ordered List
-Create a Bulleted Unordered List

# Turn an Image into a Link
Images make great links. Used to do this with buttons on web pages in the days of CSS1. But now days I like CSS Buttons.
# Make Dead Links Using the Hash Symbol
Fab trick I use often to mock up links and navs before I have all the details.
# Nest an Anchor Element within a Paragraph
Let the Nesting begin. Something I use almost daily when I build out content for a page. It's a staple of well built sites.

Make Circular Images with a border-radius		Jan 16, 2019
Add Rounded Corners with border-radius		Jan 16, 2019
Add Borders Around Your Elements		Jan 16, 2019
Size Your Images		Jan 16, 2019
Specify How Fonts Should Degrade		Jan 16, 2019
Import a Google Font		Jan 16, 2019
Set the Font Family of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Change the Font Size of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Style Multiple Elements with a CSS Class		Jan 16, 2019
Use a CSS Class to Style an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Use CSS Selectors to Style Elements		Jan 16, 2019
Change the Color of Text		Jan 16, 2019
Define the Head and Body of an HTML Document		Jan 16, 2019
Declare the Doctype of an HTML Document		Jan 16, 2019
Say Hello to HTML Elements

Prioritize One Style Over Another		Jan 16, 2019
Inherit Styles from the Body Element		Jan 16, 2019
Style the HTML Body Element		Jan 16, 2019
Understand Absolute versus Relative Units		Jan 16, 2019
Use Attribute Selectors to Style Elements		Jan 16, 2019
Use Clockwise Notation to Specify the Margin of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Use Clockwise Notation to Specify the Padding of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Add Different Margins to Each Side of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Add Different Padding to Each Side of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Add a Negative Margin to an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Adjust the Margin of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Adjust the Padding of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Use an id Attribute to Style an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Set the id of an Element		Jan 16, 2019
Give a Background Color to a div Element
Use RGB to Mix Colors		Jan 16, 2019
Use RGB values to Color Elements		Jan 16, 2019
Use Abbreviated Hex Code		Jan 16, 2019
Use Hex Code to Mix Colors		Jan 16, 2019
Use Hex Code for Specific Colors		Jan 16, 2019
Override All Other Styles by using Important		Jan 16, 2019
Override Class Declarations with Inline Styles		Jan 16, 2019
Override Class Declarations by Styling ID Attributes		Jan 16, 2019
Override Styles in Subsequent CSS

